what I thought I'd do is really dispel
the myth of making a souffle it's really
simple but the most important thing with
souffle is in the preparation and what
you need to do is butter the moles
really well all the way around with your
fingers you get it right around the top
as well if you can grab me some sugar
now is use a bit of castor sugar to line
my suit for the mole show really well
buttered using the cutter you dip that
in make sure it's nicely coated all the
way around once it's lined with the
sugar and the butter don't put your
hands inside because it'll break that
seal that you've created around the edge
now base for our souffle uses this
custard now it's quite unusual using the
custard for this and especially
ready-made stuff we want about four
tablespoons what I thought we'd do is
flavor this souffle with passion fruit
most important thing with passion fruit
is when you buy it buy it with a wrinkly
skin when it's got a smooth skin it
means the passion fruit and size not
quite ready so the skin needs to be
lovely and wrinkly when you cut it
through you got all that really nice
juice squeeze that into there and keep
the pips in as well I always like
texture to a souffle often souffles can
be too sort of Custody you know it's so
nice to have that different texture in
there so we need four egg whites
they can whisk that up nicely this is
the stabilization process of the souffle
we don't get this right the super leg
will collapse
[Music]
so make sure it's nicely firmly whisked
it was an all we're testing it my duty
is to do they're ready but then what we
do is just follow these together now
this is really important this method you
add the mixture and then you carefully
fold it in now carefully means carefully
but it mol so it means quickly and when
you press it down press the mixture over
the moles just to creates a lovely flat
edge so you want the flat souffle as it
rises up and this is really important
take your thumb and literally just go
around the edge of the mold and does
that help them just rise up basically if
I didn't do this the souffle would stick
to the top of the mold Australian the
oven about 190 degrees centigrade about
eight to ten minutes keep the oven door
closed and I thought with that what I
thought I'd do is do sort of bananas and
custard stop right here but that hot and
cold mixture because I'm gonna serve it
with ice cream it's one of the things
that used to love as a kid bit of butter
in the pan there will there will be nice
[Music]
nice hot pan throwing the bananas now
bit of sugar in there well you need it
to get this color see the color that
you're getting on bananas this way
you're gonna get a lovely toffee sort of
flavor so the butters melting the sugars
caramelizing all at the same time but
also you don't want to heat it up too
much because you want the bananas to
still stay nice and whole just a pile of
the bananas on the plate and get me the
super a well now yeah
[Music]
Justin with your license here good scoop
with no ice cream
[Music]
later very nice
or the moss
[Music]
[Applause]
you see it's not so hard to make a
souffle
[Music]